#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
accelerate==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
aws-lambda-powertools==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
boto3==1.26.141
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.29.141
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
diffusers[torch]==0.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.39.4
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2023.5.0
    # via huggingface-hub
future==0.18.3
    # via python-twitter
huggingface-hub==0.14.1
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.6.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.13.2
    # via ipykernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.6.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
notebook==6.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   contourpy
    #   diffusers
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   replicate
    #   transformers
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==3.5.1
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.8
    # via replicate
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-twitter==3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
redis==4.5.5
    # via spotipy
regex==2023.5.5
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
replicate==0.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   python-twitter
    #   replicate
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spotipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via python-twitter
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via boto3
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   spotipy
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spotipy==2.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
transformers==4.29.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.6.2
    # via
    #   aws-lambda-powertools
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   spotipy
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
